A resource for recent data breach information that is used by cybersecurity professionals
worldwide is the Verizon Data Breach Investigations Report, or DBIR.
For over a dozen years,
the report provided an analysis of data breach trends affecting a variety of sectors,
including public administration, health care, and education.
In this exercise, you explore the current DBIR that it contains
analysis from over 32,000 security incidents worldwide,
of which 3,950 were confirmed data breaches.
Let's look at some of the report findings.
In the 2020 DBIR,
we see that 72 percent of victims were
large businesses and 28 percent were small businesses.
Seventy percent of the attacks and
breaches happen because of someone outside of the company.
But what's interesting is that 30 percent with
someone on the inside or those internal actors.
The different tactics that are used include hacking at 45 percent.
If you're wondering how much social engineering plays,
that's 22 percent and then 17 percent for malware.
We use the Verizon Data Breach Report to better understand where attacks are happening,
how they happen, and then how to put our protection in place.
Even though these values change over time,
the general concepts have remained steady.
Take time to understand this report as it's used throughout the cybersecurity industry.